
Yeah, so I think with the smart assistant part, um, and I, th I think right now it might be called like a manager or something, and it's per page. I think what I'm, I'm feeling here is that the, the two assistants can be uh, kind of per voice session, and those should be more like global and context aware as we're switching, as I just said. Uh, however, any path, any page essentially, could have a mastermind, could and should have like a default mastermind based on the README. So starting a fresh mastermind in any directory should automatically load Well, like we were saying, top down. So right now, Claude, any Claude session automatically loads Claude.md and all the Claude skills. And we're going to potentially generalize this if we use Open Router and maybe our own harness. So this might have to kind of adapt as we kind of make it cross compatible. However, um, generally speaking, if okay, so let's say I'm paging around and I write and I'm using a voice session and I'm talking about a bunch of things and I'm jumping from here to there. As I jump through page to page and the you know assistants see which page I'm on and then I ask a question about the thing, so they should automatically have contextual awareness of what I'm talking about based on getting those, you know, paging those navigation updates. And then uh And then when I ask it a question about that thing, we don't want those assistants digging into the details of that thing. And so the whole README chain of like, well, it's really it's spawn a mastermind, a fresh mastermind, fresh context that's just based, it should be just based on the path alone. And so if we if we keep the config or the you know dependency loading or whatever to a minimum, the idea is is that no matter what model we're using, no matter which provider or you know whether it's Claude or OpenAI or whatever, uh, we put every all the de necessary details and we build the entire system around this README. And so when you start a mastermind in a specific directory, its basic, you know, operating principle is to load the README. Well, really load all parent readmes, load all the system prompts, obviously. Um, you know, we'll have to try and unify that process, whether it's a Claude.md or an agents.md. But load the system prompt, load probably some skills. I think that could be useful. Obviously, all the tools and MCPs and whatever. So that's all kind of baked in, but it's really the, ba the gist of the new prompt is you're a mastermind uh, working in this directory. And then, you know, that mastermind would have the ability to spawn minions to build things, you know, test fixes, for example. Um, it might be able to use a quick fix work tree, for example. Uh, but that, that mastermind is like the, the technical, like, you know, all the, all the questions about the technicality get, get routed through that mastermind. And so this, the assistant, the fast assistant probably doesn't, uh, do much of anything in terms of like interacting with the mastermind it should probably be the smart assistant who makes all the kind of like executive decisions and pulls all the triggers so the fast assistant is literally just doing like a quick transcribe getting the text on the screen as fast as possible um and you know updating UIs or writing well i mean a, a minimal amount of things we'll have to kind of make the roles uh, explicit here and And maybe we merge them together in the future, but like I think right now I want to try keeping a quick model just for instant uh, feedback and just to see the results of my words as quickly as possible. And so it's like a you know a faster response. And then the smart assistant also gets echoed on everything and uh, can launch launch the masterminds. So that's roughly how we have it set up. But I do think you know renaming it a little bit uh, seems to make sense here. Um, all right, and then so in terms of the the per page uh, AI sessions versus the kind of like global sessions, I'm thinking that uh, you know the the per page mastermind kind of just becomes what I was describing of the, like the read per directory README system, and so we just kind of assume that we're going to start fresh. We're gonna we're gonna assume that we've had everything, all the updates in the README, or maybe the README points to a log if there's a more detailed ongoing process that we don't want to like put log data in the README, which we probably don't. But whatever the system is, we assume you know. Make sure this is clear for the Cervex the skill architect. Uh, we want every new mastermind on a per directory basis. A per page basis to start with a fresh slate. So we always want to keep that README and all the referenced documentation up to date. And so whenever we, uh, well, and frankly, if we're doing parallel work and we're going to spawn a work tree, we should always assume that work tree is in a, a stable state. And so we, you know, we use a work tree to first build the thing, then update all the documentation. And maybe spawn a fresh mastermind just to load it all up and do a smoke test. And maybe the review process does, you know, we should probably do the review process after the documentation has been updated, just so when we load it all up and we ask it, you know, to review the, the system, you know, the README system, all the systems inside of it, it can, uh, you know, pull up all the recent, most current information and just do kind of a smoke test to see whether it all makes sense or whether there's anything unclear or, Uh, missing, for example.
