
All right, so if there's a bunch of dev servers running that don't need to be, that's, you know, a mistake. Um, you know, file a complaint with the system designer. This comes down to that whole functionality and having AIs forget to start or stop things. Like, we don't want to rely on the AIs to uh, remember to do everything because after they get deep in thought and, you know, planning and building and whatever, they, they tend to forget to wrap things up. So... Um, you know, we need either a, you know, loop or some sort of like awaken or some, I don't know, some, you could try and engineer some sort of uh, agentic uh, solution to that. However, if any task that started has this like update kind of loop to it, like you could call it a heartbeat or whatever. Um, and maybe, maybe each mastermind session that gets spawned is sort of automatically, you know, a task in and of itself and could have subtasks and you know each task could always have subtasks by the way i want to see something about our task system our ai task system like we should be able to have nested tasks where you know any number of steps and the aggregate percentage completion is based on the subtasks and we can have parallel tasks and series you know obviously there's dependencies so like well and you could have a mixture of both you could you could launch a bunch of parallel uh tasks at phase one but then once they're all complete you embark on phase two which could also be in parallel and so you could mix like you know se- sequential uh systems with parallel systems and i'm not sure exactly how those should look Uh, visually, but hopefully the visual design could indicate, you know, clearly whether it's parallel or series and how it all flows and what's in flight and what we're waiting on and the percentage completion and all that stuff. But yeah, I mean, you know, trying in terms of the 22 dev servers running and just keeping things efficient, like the system mastermind should be trying to analyze the efficiency of the system. Maybe he spawns a mastermind to study the efficiency of the system in terms of like, well, do we have log- accurate logs of all the things that are created? And does that sh- uh, give us a picture of like how many things are created that are never finished and how many servers are started that are never shut down properly? How many work trees do you get orphaned and are just sitting there and don't need to be? All these things that we're creating, we want to like manage the life cycle essentially of all of our systems.
