
All right, so I think I'm going all in with this audio stuff because we need to. So let's create a new framework directory, framework slash audio. And this is going to be working for building and working with library components that can help with the HTML audio and streaming and um, all kinds of audio type things. So this dictation thing can be moved into there. We'll need to update any references to it. Um, but what I think I'd like to do is separate trans- the transcription part from the uh, dictation part. So the dictation seems like more of the entire system. Um, the transcription part is really just the either Whisper or Chrome or, you know, it's really just patching an audio feed into a text feed, essentially, an audio stream, converting an audio stream into a text stream. And so I still don't have, you know, I, when I asked on the dictate pages to be able to see a little bit more detail into the workings of the Whisper transcription process, um, you know, the playground does, I did see it do a correction in real time. And so that was kind of cool. Um, the, uh, the, the whole, uh, like, I don't know, should I say the, Well, so the transcription is kind of, there's the raw transcription, but then there's kind of like the, the modified transcription. And so when it comes to converting long rambling dictations into kind of summarized, organized cards, I'm not sure if we've built anything that does that yet. It seems like the describe uh, extension or UX or whatever, sorry, not describe, uh, dictate. It seems like the dictate tool um, At least the one on the main page does do some of that, like, uh, what do I want to say, the uh, correction. But I'm not sure that any of the pages actually use that correction. And so, like, in terms of getting the dictate tool or transcribe or whatever we call it um, into a usable system where we can kind of swap out different pieces and assemble different pieces. So like if we wanted an audio recorder, just a sound recorder on the website, like we should be able to build one. If we wanted to have a streaming audio like Discord with push to talk, we should be able to build it. Uh, if we want to wire it up to Whisper, we should be able to build it. So it's, it's pretty much like the input and output streams should be a little more flexible. We should be able to maybe have a, a You know, the, the user interface for exploring that should be able to show examples of how to use, you know, and, and so if we have object an object-oriented system and we have icon items that uh, show these sam examples of, you know, a dictation system should be kind of the transcription engine, the raw transcription engine, but also probably then like the refinement engine, in term, which is really just a LLM that's got a certain prompt. But that describes how to make corrections. Um, and then we could use different models and or different uh, prompts, like the kind of uh, prompt refinement. That, that's really what the, that part of the uh, dictation system is about, is the, um, the uh, refinement of the prompt. And so it's not, j I, I wouldn't say it's only about AI prompt kind of refinement. It's also, you could you could write a blog post by just kind of rambling and then having the AI kind of clean it up and do a very similar kind of curation. And you might want different levels of that. You might want something that's a little bit more raw and sounds a little bit more informal, or you might want to, you know, kind of refine it substantially and really summarize it and kind of like, uh, you know, weed it down or, or whatever. And so, um, I think in the audio section, we want more just kind of pure audio level things. And then that could, that aren't particularly for AI. And so any of the AI kind of, uh, the AI step to it, where we're, we're sending off to the LLM to be summarized, that part of the dictation, maybe, maybe so maybe dictate stays where it is. And uh, in, in the audio tab, we just build out some more or folder, we, we build out some more tools and user interfaces to help uh, see like the audio levels, to help see the microphone chooser, to help, you know, wire these things together and nice little widget where you can kind of, you know, control what happens. Um, and then I th also think, you know, we need a, a consistent chat widget. So like whether it's in a, a desktop sidebar or a mobile sheet or whatever, you know, it should be, you know, the height should be variable so that it could, well, it could start small and grow to a maximum height and then be scrollable. You know, I guess that's probably not the worst way to do it because you're, you know, if you're trying to multitask on mobile, then you, you might want that. Um, you know, in, in terms of the per page AI, I'm just thinking maybe, maybe the mobile uh, rail at the bottom should be a global assistant. that then uh, can listen through page transitions so that as I'm talking about something and I'm navigating around trying to find what I'm looking for, um, you know, I don't, I don't deactivate the mic. So the mobile rail should probably default to a global uh, assistant. And then as I navigate around, the kind of system could notify the assistant when I navigate to a new page. So like each, any browser session should probably have some sort of page navigation event. And so whenever a link is clicked, we fire off, you know, a log event in the site's log. And, uh, and then I don't know if the assistant would probably then tail that. Maybe it's an MCP tool that can, I don't know if MCP tools can pipe things back into the session in real time. Um, but it would be helpful if, as I'm navigating around, the assistant sees. Well, it's, it'd be both. It, this would be like an echo type uh, pattern where both an assistant and a uh, a mastermind really would be uh, managing, kind of simultaneously managing the um, the voice session. Um, So I, I think I think what we need, I don't know if this makes sense, but I think what we need is a mastermind that's different from a session mastermind. So like they're kind of this, a similar idea. They might have a lot of similar skills. The idea is, is that a when we have a voice session, we need the fast assistant, but we also want a smart assistant. And so, um, and maybe that's the way to say it, fast assistant and smart assistant. And so they're both just kind of, uh, Well, and frankly, this, even the smart assistant should probably try and stay relatively hands-free and help just refine and curate prompts and interpret the, you know, like it's almost like their job is just to interpret the will of the person speaking the prompt and make sure that, you know, things are not dropped, you know, by the wayside. And so that then, you know, it would be the master assistant whose job is to actually spawn The, mas the correct mastermind. So if it's architecting some grand new scheme, it would probably be you know a higher level minion. Also depending on usage, built it, we should build into the system you know that usage token usage should be kind of you know we should use it intelligently. So if we're end, nearing the end of the week and we have a lot of usage left, we want to lean into that and try and use higher level models and get you know better results. If we're nearing our pace line uh, midway through the week, then we, or even early in the week especially, then we might lay off a bit and use lower level models. And so um, it's really the, the smart assistant that is then sort of like the first level mastermind and can spawn additional masterminds. And those sub masterminds should be kind of like unique sessions that could be accessed by any session. So any future sessions. And so like I, the way I see it is like a new session is like a new context and has a, you know, it wouldn't necessarily have to have a fast assistant if we weren't using voice. So, but I think once you start using, you know, once the voice turns on, then you'd probably want to uh, enable the fast assistant to be able to listen to, you know, incoming text and to refine it or to correct, make quick corrections. Um, you know, the, probably the smart assistant could make, you know, corrections as well. Maybe it's sort of like, a, you know, the, both the, if, if the fast assistant and smart assistant are collaborating on the same, uh, kind of user interface, like the page.jsonl, for example, maybe they should both tail that file. And I don't know. Oh, so answer me here right now. Can a, uh, Can any agent, an assistant or mastermind or whatever, can they tail one of the JSON L files uh, accurately to get kind of like a streaming uh, log? If they're currently in process, wouldn't it just queue that up and deliver them the, the any number of new tail messages uh, once they're kind of free to receive new messages?
